(The products and organizations have been created for the drama.)
(The story and its characters are fictional.)
Until he pokes...
his own eyes,
cuts his own flesh,
and throttles himself,
don't give way to anything,
Ms. Jung Mal Ran.
(Episode 3)
What?
Let's look at documents about Na Mo Hyun again.
I should work on her more, so that I can marry her fast.
I want to get help from my in-law's...
just like Yeo Cheon.
Executive Jung.
Your hand...
I'm going to sleep in tomorrow.
Don't look for me until I call you.
Yes, ma'am.
It's fine.
I've been through a lot worse.
That cafe.
- She seems to go there a lot. - She likes reading there.
You know a woman...
who is confident and feels comfortable to be alone.
Someone who'd say, "I'm not twisted at all."
You know the one that makes you confused...
with a straight face.
- What? - How do you know from a glance?
You're not the only one who has insight into people.
I have it too.
Especially in terms of women,
I'm way better.
She's pretty.
Isn't that what you want?
If it was for fun, then yes,
but I have to marry her.
I prefer...
personality...
more than the look.
That's why you're a weirdo.
Hey.
When should I sleep with Na Mo Hyun?
You can decide...
when you two like each other.
I need to sleep first...
to find out whether I like her or not.
You never know until you sleep with her.
Why did you turn it off? I'm going to review it.
Turn it back on.
What are you doing?
You want Cheong A, don't you?
Then listen carefully.
Unless...
you impress Na Mo Hyun sincerely,
you are...
over with the marriage as well as your dream.
I know.
I know it already.
Go.
Turn the light off.
I can't face my mom.
Where should we go now? Shall we grab coffee?
How long do you plan on avoiding your mom?
Until I can.
She's not that weak.
There you go again.
Before you came to my house,
I lived with my mom for 10 years without my dad.
I experienced agony that you're not aware of.
You'll never understand it.
Inheritance from my maternal grandfather.
All that cash from my mom's investment.
Inheritance from my dad.
Cheong A shares my grandfather gave me as a gift.
Cheong A shares I bought behind my grandfather.
No mother in Korea...
is as rich as my mom.
But...
she lived with a thought that it will be all taken away...
from the moment she became...
a daughter-in-law of Cheong A Group.
Who would believe that?
I would.
Except you.
Today,
I'm going to the library, bookstore, and snack bar...
Na Mo Hyun goes to.
Since I need to like her,
I'm going to try to understand her.
I'm not sure if this is going to be possible, but it's sad...
that this is my only choice.
This is driving me crazy.
Hi.
Hey, tell me Na Mo Hyun's schedule today.
Bird sanctuary in the mouth of Nakdong River.
But what is she doing here?
My goodness. I can't believe it.
- I didn't expect to meet you here. - I know.
- What are you doing here? - Pardon?
- I'm here to grab coffee. - I see.
Have a seat.
Thank you.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Jang Boo Cheon.
Hi. I'm Na Mo Hyun.
Yes.
I'm Kang Pil Joo. Kang Pil Joo.
- Kang Pil Joo? - Yes.
I should give your hat back.
- Right. - I have it.
Can you wait here?
I'll grab it from home.
No. You don't need to.
Where's your house?
(Boo Cheon)
Please enjoy.
(Jo In Ho)
Dad, I'm off!
When did you get home?
- That hat... - Yes.
I ran into the owner of the hat coincidentally.
Some guy rescued a bird with that hat...
at the migratory bird sanctuary.
Boo Cheon,
what are you staring at?
Nothing is on the stairs.
Because there's nothing there.
What?
Cheers.
Let's clink our glasses.
My gosh.
I'm buying you drinks for returning the hat to me.
Perhaps, we should've gone to a better place.
I like this place.
I come here often.
You're quite a drinker.
I don't drink until I pass out. I just enjoy having a few drinks.
I'm serious.
I'm a middle school teacher.
I see.
I didn't know you were a teacher.
I'd be embarrassed...
if I run into students or parents when I'm drunk.
So I try to keep it under control.
What do you do, Mr. Kang?
Pil Joo.
She asked you what you do for a living.
Oh, right. You asked me.
I...
I work at Strategy Team of Cheong A Group.
Boo Cheon is the director of Cheong A Trading.
You two work at a fancy company.
Wait. You know...
the president of Cheong A Group has a son?
His name frequently comes up in the newspapers.
I think his name is Jang Yeo Cheon.
Mr. Jang's name is similar to his name.
Yeo Cheon is my cousin.
For that matter, President Jang of Cheong A Group is...
my uncle.
I only asked because you guys had similar names.
I see.
- Goodbye, sir. - Take care.
Good night.
Is there a reason you're in a good mood?
No. I'm just happy.
Mo Hyun is late.
I wonder if she's with the hat's owner.
If you ask me why I went there to watch the birds,
She's happy. That's why she keeps going around to watch them.
She pretends that she knows the birds to make her feel better.
I'm just happy to see them.
When the migratory birds return,
it means that the environment hasn't been contaminated yet.
I just wanted to let the birds know that I knew, which makes me happy.
I'm so happy to hear someone else is happy to see them.
On that day,
you just went home with the blanket around you.
I thought you were so agreeable.
That's probably why...
I took your hat on that day.
I was hoping to see if I would be able to...
see you again.
I wanted...
to see you again, Ms. Na.
I hoped that you'd keep my hat.
I made sure I kept it.
Ms. Na.
You are beautiful,
but strangely,
I noticed...
your kind personality before your beauty.
Both of us fell for each other's personality.
Well, what happened was...
I couldn't get through him with my words.
I got it.
I'll report to him I found nothing and quit afterward.
Just double my fee.
I'll triple it.
Keep working for President Woo.
However, you'll only...
deliver information that we give you to President Woo.
Is that clear?
(President Woo)
"President Woo, Kang Pil Joo and Jang Boo Cheon..."
"haven't gone out at all today."
Got that?
(President Woo)
Yes, it's me.
Yes.
Okay.
Attorney Kang hasn't made any movement so far.
Is that so?
I'll call in Boo Cheon tomorrow...
and have him sign the contract for turning over Daeil Distribution.
I'd advise you to hurry.
It's essential in making Cheong A Trading into a holding company.
What a hassle.
I'm giving my son what I have. How can it be so complicated?
Nothing comes easy, does it?
Pil Joo, are you leaving?
Yes.
Yong Goo.
You need to remove all the articles regarding me and Boo Cheon.
Every online article?
Yes, especially the photos.
I don't care how much it costs. Wipe them clean.
Okay. I will do.
Thanks.
I guess those two are meant to be.
How could they meet at that cafe?
Good work. Go and get some rest.
Okay.
For the time being,
I'll be Boo Cheon, and vice versa.
What nonsense is that?
It just happened.
Is it because Na Mo Hyun would hate Boo Cheon...
as the son of Cheong A Group?
Yes.
People who claim that they hate the money and the riches.
Tell them to make the claim only after having as much money as me.
I'm sure they want to have money and become rich,
but they're sad because they don't have a chance. Isn't that right?
Those fox-like witches who talk about sour grapes...
disgust me.
- When did you get here? - Just now.
Were you waiting for me?
You know the stairs in front of Na Mo Hyun's house?
I kissed her there.
I got so lost after you left.
I didn't understand what she was saying at all.
We talked until dawn on the stairs.
She said she's glad to meet me again.
Hey. Hey.
Hey. Listen to me.
Then...
she said the most memorable thing I said was...
how I was happy to see the migratory birds again...
and seeing her personality before her look.
It's all from you.
So...
I did what I'm best at.
Good job.
I did.
Let's wait...
for a while until she calls first.
Do you think...
I can handle Na Mo Hyun?
I could hear...
her heartbeat so loud when I hugged her.
I never heard it from women who slept with me so easily...
for being the son of Cheong A Group.
I felt...
pressured.
When will you stop avoiding me?
Good morning.
It's fine. It won't leave a scar. It's almost healed.
That's a relief.
- Where's Pil Joo? - Probably still in bed.
It's sunny.
I'll have tea ready in the yard, Executive Jung.
Pil Joo.
Every time you wanted to have tea,
you always talked about something important.
What is it?
I'll return...
Daeil Distribution back in its place.
How? How will you do that?
I know you wouldn't answer me.
I'll...
reward you enough...
when you bring Distribution back.
I'd prefer if you tell me exactly what you want.
I'll focus on making it work only.
As always,
it's your decision.
This always challenges me.
How much I should give you...
not to look cheap...
or too much,
but just enough to impress you.
I'll bring Daeil Distribution back even if you don't pay me.
Boo Cheon needs...
Daeil Distribution shares one day...
in order to become the leader.
What's the reason?
Why are you desperate to make...
Boo Cheon the chairman as much as I am?
People call me...
Cheong A's dog.
If I'm going to be a dog anyway,
I'd rather give my owner Cheong A,
and I will...
be the best dog.
The best thing I've done for my son...
is having you beside him.
It'll be Boo Cheon's father's memorial soon.
I wish to have Distribution back before that.
[VIU Ver] E03 Money Flower "The Promise"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Pil Joo. I've sent the document.
(Jang Yeo Cheon)
The number you have dialed is not available at the moment.
Kang Pil Joo.
(To Director Jang Yeo Cheon)
What if your father or grandfather find it out?
I don't even want to think about it.
So please help me for the last time, Mom.
Just sell one of the paintings from the gallery...
that Grandfather doesn't know of.
I'll put the money back that I lost from investing.
It's all my fault.
I shouldn't have let you invest in stocks...
with your grandfather's slush fund.
I will need some money...
to compete with Boo Cheon...
for the stocks of Cheong A Trading.
What are you doing here?
Let's go right now.
To where?
Your father...
I mean,
The president of Cheong A Group...
told me to bring you to complete the transition...
of Daeil Distribution.
Let's go.
Are you really going to sign the contract?
I still can't stand the fact that you took it away from me,
but I have no choice.
He's the boss.
Where's Kang Pil Joo?
You jerk.
You jerk. How dare you dig up on me?
Is this your answer?
All right. You're a cowardly idiot. This is my answer.
You idiot. Stop it.
Hey.
Kang Pil Joo, open it.
Open the door!
Kang Pil Joo!
Kang Pil Joo, open it. Let's talk face to face.
Yeo Cheon, I still can't believe...
that you want to give Daeil Distribution...
back to Boo Cheon,
but I get it anyway.
I need to know the reason though.
I need a reasonable explanation to permit it.
I was...
going to turn it over to Yeo Cheon today.
You all may leave now.
If Yeo Cheon doesn't change his mind until tomorrow morning,
come back again.
Do it by tonight.
If you fail to get your grandfather's permission by then,
I'll tell him you used...
his slush fund.
Are you worried the Financial Supervisory Service...
and the National Tax Service would make an issue of it?
Attorney Kang will take care of everything.
I want to keep a close relationship with Boo Cheon.
If I get Daeil Distribution,
I won't be able to do that.
Is this because...
you did something wrong and are trying to cover it up?
No, Grandfather.
Please...
let me have Daeil Distribution.
You want Yeo Cheon to run Daeil Distribution despite his will.
I know that's because of me.
Because you don't like me.
I'll try harder to make you like me better.
Grandfather, please do as Boo Cheon asks.
You two seem to have a close relationship.
It's not all that bad.
Then I'll let Boo Cheon run...
Daeil Distribution for now.
Yes, Chairman.
It'd just be for the time being, do you understand?
Yes, sir.
Hello?
Is this Kang Pil Joo?
Pil Joo?
Isn't this Kang Pil Joo's phone?
- I'm sorry. - Na Mo Hyun.
This is Kang Pil Joo.
Maybe I called you too early.
No.
You called me just at the right time.
Are you going hiking so early in the morning?
You're trimming trees so early in the morning.
Hiking sounds more reasonable.
I have a lot of trees to trim within today.
So I need to hurry.
Where's Attorney Kang?
I can go hiking without Attorney Kang.
I don't need him.
Okay.
Gosh, it's cold.
I'm sorry. The bus was late.
It's okay.
You must be cold.
Here.
Have some. It'll keep you warm.
Oh, it's rice water.
My mom packs me some rice water...
whenever I go hiking.
I didn't know...
I'd drink rice water in a mountain.
- Can I have some more? - Sure.
It lists the problems of our party...
and solutions for that.
That's impressive.
Now that you're the chief campaigner,
you should have a grip on your party.
You did a good job appropriating the funds...
for me to dominate the party...
and for Cheong A Group to lobby a bill.
It even states when and how the money will be spent.
But it doesn't specify when I'd get the money.
You'll get the money...
on their wedding day.
Thank you for the rice water.
Take some time before descending.
You'll need to go down a little later than I do.
Yes, sir.
Are you tired?
Please go ahead. My dad told me...
I should adjust my speed to the slow person on a mountain.
Wait for me.
- Come on. - Gosh.
You're still here.
I now know exactly what I should do...
to become the president,
but it never ensures my daughter's...
happiness.
So...
I know it's shameless,
but I came back to you.
Sir,
your daughter is...
the only one who can guarantee it.
She can...
marry the guy...
she truly loves only.
If she decided...
to marry Director Jang,
that means she's assured of her happiness.
Please trust her...
and wait, sir.
You should adjust your speed...
to the slow person on a mountain.
What?
I want to introduce you...
to my father.
Sorry?
I see.
- Maybe next time. - No, today.
Mr. Yang!
Here!
It's me, Mo Hyun.
I'll be right there!
Let's go.
Hurry up.
Where is my dad?
Well, he went down.
I think he's a little exhausted today.
Let me introduce him to you. He's Mr. Yang Sang Do.
He's a congressman's assistant.
My dad is Congressman Na Gi Chul.
Oh, he's a congressman.
- Yes. - It's good to see you.
I'm afraid I'll have to meet your father next time.
What a shame.
We'll keep climbing up.
Okay.
Let's get going.
I made gimbap...
to eat with you.
Thank you.
You never thought it'd be tasty,
- but it is, right? - Right.
You should eat too.
Next time, you should call me first.
I called you this time.
Actually,
- I couldn't call you because... - I was rather glad you didn't.
- Sorry? - I was glad that you didn't...
call me right after I went into my house.
While I was waiting for your call, I thought a lot about you...
and even missed you.
If you had called me right away,
I might've thought of you...
as a womanizer.
It's getting serious.
Not only did your inner beauty...
captivate my heart but so did your outer beauty.
I want to know more about you even when you're right next to me.
I've never met someone like you.
Father, I'm home.
How many did I do?
You did two this time, sir.
- Goodness. - But they were perfect.
You're really good at it, sir.
Really? Let me do more.
Three...
- My gosh. - Goodness.
- Sir! Are you okay? - It hurts.
- Are you okay? - Sir!
- Are you all right? - Goodness.
Do you recognize me?
Let me do it.
I left a side dish...
made with natural abalone reef which is his favorite.
Ms. Icheon brought fresh abalones.
He successfully met with Congressman Na.
- He'll be here to give a report. - Is that so?
So you'll give him money on the wedding day?
- Yes. - There was no bargaining.
Although Congressman Na appreciated our suggestion,
we'll still have to keep an eye on him.
Once he gets a large amount of money,
he might change his mind.
I'll take good care of it.
Don't worry, sir.
Don't let Boo Cheon know...
the details.
- He's a useless... - Father.
I am worried...
that you might slip your tongue in front of Boo Cheon's wife.
I'll be more careful.
In case things go wrong with the money we give Congressman Na,
it won't have anything to do with me.
Make sure not to drag me and Seong Man in.
Okay?
I'll have someone prepared for insurance.
Executive Jung,
you just saw me exercising.
My goal is five pushups...
with Ms. Han on my back.
No matter how hard I try with all my might,
I can barely manage two.
Your father-in-law has got this old now.
Goodness, I'm tired.
You startled me.
What was that?
You're embarrassing me.
Did you have a good time...
with Na Mo Hyun today?
Yes.
You saw me earlier today.
Pil Joo.
I think...
I'm falling for Na Mo Hyun.
I,
Jang Boo Cheon,
found myself resisting an impulse...
to spend a night with her.
I could've given her a deep kiss before saying goodbye.
That's who I am.
But I wanted to be nice.
I want to have...
a decent relationship with her.
That's good.
I'm glad...
that you felt that way.
You.
Stay out of my relationship and wedding.
How you took Daeil Distribution back.
I won't ask whom you met in the mountain...
and what you are planning...
with my grandfather and mom.
I know you wouldn't answer me even if I asked you.
But you're being...
so annoying these days.
If you don't marry her,
all my effort...
will end in vain, you know.
I'll...
marry her without your help.
I want it to be meaningful.
I'll do it right.
All right, Boo Cheon.
That's what you're supposed to do.
Okay?
Do that.
It's your wedding.
So tell me about it.
Wait. So...
are you saying Kang Pil Joo is Mr. Right?
You've finally met someone better than Jo In Ho.
What?
Don't even play innocent.
Well... I was just curious...
how In Ho is doing now.
What about his parents? Are they alive?
Gosh, Mom.
All right. I know I went too far.
Oh, that's right.
What about the man who carried you on his back?
As he talked to me,
his back vibrated with his voice.
And I felt a tug at my heart. I keep thinking about it.
You were so drunk that you didn't even know who he was.
But you still remember the feeling?
Yes.
I could feel he cared about me so much.
Even though I was drunk, I felt protected and safe.
I even felt like he'd come out of nowhere and save me...
whenever I was in danger
You tied yourself to a chair?
During the 2002 World Cup,
the whole country was so excited to cheer for our national team.
I had the second-round state bar exam,
but I couldn't concentrate on my studies. It was driving me crazy.
So I tied myself.
I had no choice.
Passing the bar exam...
was the only way I could survive.
I didn't know that. Now I feel sorry I enjoyed the World Cup games...
rooting for Korea.
Mo Hyun.
We didn't know each other back then.
If I knew you back then,
I would've supported you...
by studying together.
Let's go!
We still have enough time.
- Please. - Korea scored in the second half.
We still have five minutes left.
- To the other side... - Republic of Korea!
The ball is in.
- Republic of Korea! - Republic of Korea!
He kicked it to the center.
- Go! - Goal!
- Goal! - Ahn Jung Hwan scores!
The game is over! Ahn Jung Hwan!
- I can't believe this. - He's amazing.
Thank you, Mo Hyun.
I finally fulfilled my wish.
Even if I went out to the city hall and rooted for Korea,
it wouldn't have been as exciting as now.
You missed the World Cup games...
because of the bar exam.
I wanted to give you the experience as a gift.
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
Yong Goo.
- That's it. - What?
Pil Joo, you said...
I could sleep with her if we liked each other.
Today is the day.
I'll sleep with Mo Hyun tonight.
Hello, Ms. Na Mo Hyun.
Do you remember me?
I'm Jang Boo Cheon.
Hello, Mr. Kang Pil Joo.
(Money Flower)